a new breed of cattle here in Ceará can change cattle ranching in the state
part of the creations is destined for milk production but the simmental
presents good results and is inclusive for cutting
is doing in maranguape produces more than 2 thousand liters of milk per day
the vacancies are generated on the spot through artificial insemination
are created to be great producers is an addict or not
she was not coming to repeat
practically born caesar earlier this afternoon twelve vehicles five months
although the dry season has been one of the most critical since 1958
the milk production in the ceará grew 8 ties 5% our departures were
more than one million liters of milk per day in 2010 according to the
livestock coordinator of the agrarian development secretariat
the characteristics of the state are not conducive to the beef cattle we
we do not have the pastures
is that the center-west than the south
and that the student has a proposal from abroad to realize now the debt
of the court summons
she wants everyone to know that he confinement and semi-confinement leave
sweden badly on course pear nativity more expensive indignant when
compared to those other states that have eight volumes of rain plus a new one
cattle race will arrive with the promise to change this characteristic
the simmental livestock has both milk and cut as well as
happens in the other squares a specific race proleite but not
we enjoy low
one of the characteristics
and they people we enjoy this sea take advantage of magic
the meat production to be is to have another lactation with the owner
put in your pocket
besides it's a cow too far away
by the new rule much time 12 13 15 years the milk of the simmental cattle is about
of 20% solids more than milk of other breeds
and for the cut the simental reach a weight of 20 arrobas at 18 months of age
while nelore
need at least 30 meters to arrive at the same price
so the arrival of this European breed can favor the state's cattle breeding
she's from the world by super tv right so far
on average the youth worldwide
she fits very well